# Let's Take A Quiz!

## User Story

### 
For this timed quiz, the user will be asked 4 questions pertaining to all things horror! Some questions might ask about film release dates, while others ask more in-depth questions. When the application is first opened, the user will be greeted with a page displaying "Would you like to play a game?". Beneath the question are 2 button options, "Yes" which leads the user to the quiz or "High Scores" whic takes the user to the "high scores" page. 

Once the user startes the game, the timer starts running, to which they will be allotted 60 seconds to complete the 4 question quiz. The game page will display a progress bar at the top-left of the page that notifies the user which question they are on, followed by a display of their score and a timer in the upper right-hand corner. When answering questions, if the user gets an answer incorrect, the timer will be docked by 10 seconds and the score will remain the same. When the user gets a question correct, their score will be incremented by 100 points, thus totaling 400 points maximum and the timer continues at its regualr pace. Another feature that shows if the user has selected an incorrect or correct answer is denoted by the answer's box color; it will either turn red (indicating an incorrect answer) or green (indicating a correct answer).

If the user does not complete the quiz within the allotted time, they will recieve an alert stating "You're out of time!". After the user dismisses the alert, they will be automatically redirected to the "end" page. Otherwise, if a user completes the quiz prior to the time running out, they will also be redirected to the "end" page but without the alert.

Once at the "end" page, the user can enter their username into the text box to save their score to the "high score" page. Beneath the "save" button, there will be 2 additional buttons, one to take the player directly back to the game, or one to go home. If the user chooses to go back home, they can click the "high score" button and be directed to the "high score" page where they will be able to view their score. If they want to clear their score from the "high score" page, they can do so by selecting the "clear" button. Then, at last, the user can select the "home" button to go back to the homepage.